---
title: "Green Ball Meets Multigenerational - ANZAC-Whack"
layout: "base.html"
description: "Sunday December 14th 2025, 4.30pm. St Peters Billabong Oval"
date: 2025-04-25T12:00:00
updated: 2026-01-01T12:00:00
author: Joshua M
tags: [firstpost, writeup, joshuam, debutant, 12-man, greenball, lordscricket, derby, 23ov]
#    - blog
---

A specially eventful cricket match spanning generations, seasons;
pagelength & title-length. Led by Brother vs Brother to enable Sis v Sis
and Husband v Wife.

**Lording**, *Participle*, from Lord (Intransitive verb): To insist upon
or boast about so as to act in a superior manner; To act or maintain a
position in a domineering manner; To rule over. To become a stat addict;
and to put individual stats above your team\'s goal.

None of these definitions describe this moment: One week, an Aussie
dreams about cricket in the day, quickly remembering pads and helmets,
disregards that nonsense and dreams of tennis balls pinging off bats in
the night. He awakes with new \*\*features & stats\*\* for Lords Cricket
on his mind. By the next week he\'s calling \'howzat\' when he reaches a
hand to catch a dish at the sink. By the 3rd he\'s brainstorming new
ways of displaying stats: for banter with his workmate (despite no more
cricket). By the time the month is up he\'s throwing pies across the
living room of his unit \-\- at his wife who\'s begrudgingly holding a bat.
The final stage - he\'s hosting his own game of Lords Cricket well into
the autumn and forcing his friends and family along. Lording -
participle: *To be subjected to the addiction that is Lords Cricket*.

Weather: after 10 days of hitting \"refresh\" on forecast; and the
forecast of rain facing it\'s own reality; Lords Cricket would go on.
ANZAC day and a public holiday falls perfectly to start a weekend, I,
Joshua invited along my mates, cousins, wife, parents and even
grandparents as spectators for a bonus round to top off my debut season
after a solitary Run-Out as a sub just wasn\'t enough to scratch my cricket
itch. On this very grey day, a closed registration became increasingly
open and players kept appearing heading down the path to the Billabong
Oval. Surely all these people weren\'t here to play cricket on a grey
autumn\'s day? Six debutantes and a guest player; this game had it all,
including generations that truly spanned 1948 (Donald Bradman\'s
historical English tour): Barry Rimmer through 2000 (Waugh, captaining
the start of 16 win-streak): his grandson J Miller (yours truly) & two
grand-daughters, H & S Rimmer.

Hosting my first game; I was a bit distracted and someone told me I was
opening the batting for Waugh2000. An opening stand of 68 with yours
truly, Joshua Miller \[30 (35)\] and Sam Tolhurst\'s efficient 27 (19)
with his first career 6s looked solid until J.Miller fell, and debutante
Sascha Moseley (one of two that doesn\'t require a first initial) got
out in classic Lord\'s fashion, skying his second ball off his top edge
to keeper Andrew I. Turner who without anyone nearby to confuse, took
the catch with ease. 1/68 became 2/69 became 3/75 in a flash. 4/75 how
did we get here, 5/75\... a\... hat-trick? Debutante H Rimmer in her
inaugural over of Lords cricket had the following over:

  ---- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- ---- ---- ---- ---
  Wk   1wd   1wd   1wd   1wd   1wd   1   Wk   Wk   Wk   1
  ---- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- ---- ---- ---- ---

Looking like a web-dev\'s nightmare; an error trying to render special
characters: this over had even more. And just like that with her first
five bowls on the pitch had taken four wickets immediately leaping the
young H Rimmer into Lords Cricket fame finishing 4/16 and in Current
Rating is at 412 leapfrogging two of her wickets; Tolhurst (#18) and
Stephen Lang (#11) to fly into #8 of the Bowling Dream Team with the
Strike Rate (raw) of 8. The quality of the wickets? Well this is Lords
cricket. Only the most exceptional and unreproducible moments are
described. Thus #2: S. Lang\'s bails fell; and that\'s most of what we
know. Hit-Wicket is a brutal way to go, particularly when you\'re not
entirely sure how your castle fell.

Hat-trick

Name

Date

1

David Lang

08/12/02

2

Stephen Lang

10/10/10

3

David Lang

05/12/10

4

David Priest

14/10/12

5

William Turner

07/12/14

6

Daniel Schwimmer

04/12/16

7

Hannah Rimmer

25/04/25

Moving on, A.I. Turner, after a shaky start with catches (to my pleasure
and captain David Lang\'s displeasure). A.I. Turner finally warmed into
it off his own bowling and took some classic catches one graceful crash
landing, (improved from a \"whale flop\"\--thanks Andrew), which upon
rising he surprised to discover the ball in his hand and dirt in his
hair. Senior Turner, taking 7 catches out of 9 wickets has been warned,
but to satisfy complaints, drug tests have been demanded and the case
elevated to the tribunal, directed to review his earlier drops a way of
trying to skirt \'no feats of athleticism\'.

Diverging briefly; Improvements to lordscricket.org.au site and stats:
Thanks to P Wiskich super smarts & skills (more on why he\'s a lad). The
ball figures (or wingdings) above are a glimpse of the Ball-by-ball stat
tracker, build from the digital scorecard you can re-live play-by-play
(without detail of heroic or blunder) any previous games back to #105.
Newer players can be compared in detail by, without influencing the
fair & just Lords Ranking System(TM), an option for \'Raw stats\'
un-obfuscating Averages and Strike Rate for noobs. _And_ for Lords famed
players; \'Current\' & \'All time\' one\'s troubled past doesn\'t define
their career -- except for bowler Will Turner who was always exceptional
by his Player Stats History, a swanky graph shows he attained a high
400s in the summer of \'11-\'12 following his debut as a full player in
Nov (now #24 with 513 in All Time; 2 points behind his Dad).

After all the carnage by bowler H Rimmer (& the sods unfortunate enough
to be caught); sister S Rimmer, 13 (13); and aunt K Miller, were left at
the crease to try rebuild a foundation from two overs before (187
projected at 8.0 overs while Tolhurst and JGM were and now at 5 for:
down to 150 projected) And with a runner (J.G. Miller) coming on to
support his mum; That they Did. Putting on a partnership of 34 (25),
with K Miller \"Killer\" putting on a handy 19 (18). S. Lang returned
and surely this time: his feet at the very front of the crease. S. Lang
put on an efficient 40 (25) alongside two Millers and a Rimmer; a
captain\'s knock.

Players returning to the crease scored some crumbs; G Miller with his
first Lords run, Moseley (3) and S Rimmer brought her total and thus
average to 17 with a 4 n.o. (3).

Hat-Tricks aside, the pick of Bradman1948\'s bowlers were A.I. Turner
(2/20) and D. Lang (2/36) with Waugh2000 picking their danger man
Michael Thornley accurately and 'Hutchinsonned' out his 5ov., conceding
just 8 runs without wicket; earning him an incredible economy of 1.6. N
Wiskich created a first opportunity and Thornley set expectations
unreasonably high and took the catch, earning her a first wicket.

At the 23rd over mark, S. Lang and S Rimmer were retired and the Bonus
Overs (bon.Ov) began with Grandfather B.R. Rimmer and his son-in-law G
Miller for two overs of no-outs; equally competitive cricket. G Miller
tripled his run total with a single strike with a 2\*. B.R. Rimmer took
a few to find his historical form, and in a moment of brilliance
mirroring his cricketing days gone by, smoked a pull-shot back of square
for four runs. Rimmer and Miller rellies cheered on, as he remembered
post stroke that he\'s 83 years old, and a bat that may support him
while standing, betrayed him on the follow through; took a tumble and
retired hurt to ease the mind of his watching wife. While brief, the
Miller Rimmer spectators may have seen B Rimmer score his final boundary
in an adventurous Lords Cricket stint; and a glorious shot it was. (Note
that some may suggest a Hit-Wicket occurred; but the overwhelming
evidence suggests the ball had crossed the boundary and was a dead ball
before the bails came off). Mosely returned and scored a 2 bringing the
Bonus Overs to a close with Waugh2000, 9:: SM 2(2); BR 4(7); GM 2(3);
1ext.; Bradman1948: HR 0/1, NW 0/8. \[\[Final, for merit only:: Waugh:
SM 6(off 11, out twice), GM 3(off 17, out twice): Bradman: HR 4/17
(3.0), NW 1/33 (4.0).\]\]

With only a spot of rain so far; a full innings break brought some great
food thanks to Killer including some fitting ANZACs and J.R. Miller. G.
Miller, over-achieving brought a esky-full when asked to bring a couple
\"Zeros\" to fuel Killer\'s attack.

D. Lang took on the Killer before she hurried back to the sideline to
continue scoring enthusiastically; and when he tried to do the same to
the next; S Moseley with a chip on his shoulder struck quickly with a
wicket in 4 legal deliveries dismissing him for 15 (7).

P. Wiskich who can be awarded a few Good Lad points for forsaking a bat
to give the many debutantes a go; then continuing his Lawful Good streak
took a hammering to his figures against danger man Thornley. A no way
cautious M Thornley returned on the scorecards, eyeing off that 6th
column (\"6s\") who\'s career has more of the former than 4s (34 6s vs
30 4s). After going for 13 from Thornley in an over; P. Wiskich sent him
to the biscuits in the next; and conceded only a further 5 runs
finishing at 2/18.

With A. Turner joining A. Turner at the crease, Ali was fashioning a
fine innings and scored her first Lord\'s cricket boundary (four)
against a surprisingly nimble G. J. Miller; until J. G. Miller his
interrupted with finger-spin leg-breaks, striking thanks to the fine
hands of S. Moseley, A. G Turner finishing at 11 (18). In the attack
Miller made way for a Rimmer as Turner made way for Rimmer and a sibling
feud began. But not before A.I. Turner, 42 (32) took the worm to it\'s
biggest gap, as 3/65 became 4/116. Sarah Rimmer struck from the field
(the only Miller or Rimmer to do so) and ran her sister Hannah Rimmer
out for 8 (13), a direct hit from memory, of which she hadn\'t been
cautioned.

G. Miller took his first wicket since possibly the 2010s and first for
Lords dismissing N. Wiskich for a handy first ever innings of 7 (8)
(Thanks to P. Wiskich: another couple of Good Lad points to the dad).
Not a bad effort for an old Gregory; but he wasn\'t puffed out yet!

INSERT 8th wicket partnership here J. R. Miller not to be confused with
her husband J. G. Miller came out to bat, and came out of her crease a
good number of times as well; tempting S. Moseley to win fielding points
time and again with stumping \"chances\". In her three innings she
scored more runs than possible stumpings, 10 (20\*inc. Bon.Ov.) with
honour(tm) prevailing, she was able to build a foundation for a hope of
final runs to scramble Bradman1948 there.

H\. Rimmer got two good starts with 8 \(13\) and 12
\(7\) finding the ropes twice\. A\. R\. Turner \(the
second\) was unable to convert her first innings
success and Bradman1948 found themselves all out with
a tall task for J.R. Miller and N. Wiskich
in the two Bonus Overs. A tidy over from Mosely & J.G. Miller setting
his sights on getting his wife out, the bon.Ov went for 2, with wife
keeping out husband as the rain picked up to a light drizzle, cooling
players and confusing Adelaideians as to why it felt like the tropics.
Bradman1948 was left 14 runs short and a slim victory margin by
Waugh2000 was expanded slightly. **bon.Ov** Bradman, 2:: JRM 1(7), NW
0(4, out once, no runs deducted c&b JGM): Waugh2000: SM 0/1, JGM 1/1
final for merit only:: Waugh2000+, 9/180 defeated Bradman, 10/165 :
JRM 10(27) out once, NW 10(11) out three times; Waugh2000: SM: 1/28
(4.0), JGM: 2/11 (4.0).

This addition to the season that refuses to die was both remarkable and
a good reminder of what Lords is about. Selfishness and statistics
\*AND\* friends and family. The algorithm continues it\'s great work
even with 6 debutantes; one whom achieved the highest bowling feat
(ordered by embarrassment). Thanks for a great season Plus+, special
thanks to Andrew with the equipment and Pete with the smarts. - \<JM\>
ot a bad effort for an old Gregory; but he wasn\'t puffed out yet!
