---
title: "ANZAC-Whack: A second generation"
layout: "base.html"
description: "Sunday December 14th 2025, 4.30pm. St Peters Billabong Oval"
date: 2025-04-25T12:00:00
updated: 2026-01-01T12:00:00
author: Joshua M
tags: [firstpost, writeup, joshuam, debutant, 12-man, greenball, lordscricket, derby, 23ov]
#    - blog
---

INSERT 8th wicket partnership here J. R. Miller not to be confused with
her husband J. G. Miller came out to bat, and came out of her crease a
good number of times as well; tempting S. Moseley to win fielding points
time and again with stumping \"chances\". In her three innings she
scored more runs than possible stumpings, 10 (20\*inc. Bon.Ov.) with
honour(tm) prevailing, she was able to build a foundation for a hope of
final runs to scramble Bradman1948 there.

H\. Rimmer got two good starts with 8 \(13\) and 12
\(7\) finding the ropes twice\. A\. R\. Turner \(the
second\) was unable to convert her first innings
success and Bradman1948 found themselves all out with
a tall task for J.R. Miller and N. Wiskich
in the two Bonus Overs. A tidy over from Mosely & J.G. Miller setting
his sights on getting his wife out, the bon.Ov went for 2, with wife
keeping out husband as the rain picked up to a light drizzle, cooling
players and confusing Adelaideians as to why it felt like the tropics.
Bradman1948 was left 14 runs short and a slim victory margin by
Waugh2000 was expanded slightly. **bon.Ov** Bradman, 2:: JRM 1(7), NW
0(4, out once, no runs deducted c&b JGM): Waugh2000: SM 0/1, JGM 1/1
final for merit only:: Waugh2000+, 9/180 defeated Bradman, 10/165 :
JRM 10(27) out once, NW 10(11) out three times; Waugh2000: SM: 1/28
(4.0), JGM: 2/11 (4.0).

This addition to the season that refuses to die was both remarkable and
a good reminder of what Lords is about. Selfishness and statistics
\*AND\* friends and family. The algorithm continues it\'s great work
even with 6 debutantes; one whom achieved the highest bowling feat
(ordered by embarrassment). Thanks for a great season Plus+, special
thanks to Andrew with the equipment and Pete with the smarts. - \<JM\>
ot a bad effort for an old Gregory; but he wasn\'t puffed out yet!
